index.md, before:

Welcome to my personal website!

## Projects

- 2022.3: RISC-V VSCode extension implemented: [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/wu-ys/vscode-riscv-support)

## Notes & Tutorial on Random Topics

- 2022.1: [Vim Notes](https://wu-ys.github.io/notes/vim/) 
- 2022.1: [Git Notes](https://wu-ys.github.io/notes/git/) 
- 2022.3 [教程：如何在Github上建立自己的个人网站/主页](https://wu-ys.github.io/notes/github_website/gh-page-tutorial.html) 

## Courses

### Autumn 2020

- Introduction to Computer Science
- Java
- Discrete Mathematics
- Linear Algebra
- Calculus I

### Spring 2021

- Mathematics for Computer Science
- Theory of Computation
- Abstract Algebra
- Causal and Statistal Learning
- General Physics I
- Calculus II

### Summer 2021

- Data Structures in Real World
- Physics of Infomation

### Autumn 2021

- Algorithms
- Database Systems
  - Projects (in C++): basic database structure, indexing, 2PL(2-Phase Lock), join algorithms
- Numercial Analysis
  - [Midterm review](https://wu-ys.github.io/courses/numerical/midterm-review.html)
  - [Final review](https://wu-ys.github.io/courses/numerical/final-review.html)
- Digital Electronics
- General Physics II
- Spanish I

### Spring 2022

- Architecture
  - Projects (in RISC-V Assembly and C++): RISC-V Optimization, Processor
  - [Midterm Cheatsheet](https://wu-ys.github.io/courses/architecture/midterm-cheatsheet.html)
- Cryptography
- Game Theory
  - [Midterm Cheatsheet](https://wu-ys.github.io/courses/game-theory/midterm-cheatsheet.html)
- Quantum Computer Science
- Probability Theory
- Measures and Integrals

## My Daily and Random Thoughts

- 【经验】[2022.04.17 如何（在床上）抢到一个西馆224/315/319的座位](https://wu-ys.github.io/thoughts/west-library224.html) 

## About Me

- An undergraduate student at IIIS, Tsinghua University, Beijing.

- Interests: Math Modeling, Numerical Algorithms, High-performance Calculation

- Email: wu-ys20@mails.tsinghua.edu.cn

Commit message:

added game theory and architecture final

index.md, after:

Welcome to my personal website!

## Projects

- 2022.3: RISC-V VSCode extension implemented: [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/wu-ys/vscode-riscv-support)

## Notes & Tutorial on Random Topics

- 2022.1: [Vim Notes](https://wu-ys.github.io/notes/vim/) 
- 2022.1: [Git Notes](https://wu-ys.github.io/notes/git/) 
- 2022.3 [教程：如何在Github上建立自己的个人网站/主页](https://wu-ys.github.io/notes/github_website/gh-page-tutorial.html) 

## Courses

### Autumn 2020

- Introduction to Computer Science
- Java
- Discrete Mathematics
- Linear Algebra
- Calculus I

### Spring 2021

- Mathematics for Computer Science
- Theory of Computation
- Abstract Algebra
- Causal and Statistal Learning
- General Physics I
- Calculus II

### Summer 2021

- Data Structures in Real World
- Physics of Infomation

### Autumn 2021

- Algorithms
- Database Systems
  - Projects (in C++): basic database structure, indexing, 2PL(2-Phase Lock), join algorithms
- Numercial Analysis
  - [Midterm review](https://wu-ys.github.io/courses/numerical/midterm-review.html)
  - [Final review](https://wu-ys.github.io/courses/numerical/final-review.html)
- Digital Electronics
- General Physics II
- Spanish I

### Spring 2022

- Computer Architecture
  - Projects (in RISC-V Assembly and C++): RISC-V Optimization, Processor and branch prediction, Cache design
  - [Midterm Cheatsheet](https://wu-ys.github.io/courses/architecture/midterm-cheatsheet.html)
  - [Final Cheatsheet](https://wu-ys.github.io/courses/architecture/final.html)
- Cryptography
- Game Theory
  - [Midterm Cheatsheet](https://wu-ys.github.io/courses/game-theory/midterm-cheatsheet.html)
  - [Final Cheatsheet](https://wu-ys.github.io/courses/game-theory/final-cheatsheet.html)
- Probability Theory
- Measures and Integrals



### Summer 2022

- AI+X Computing Acceleration: From Algorithms Development, Analysis, to Deployment

### Autumn 2022

- Computer Graphics
- OS and Distributed Systems
- Computational Biology
- AI: Principles and Techniques

## My Daily and Random Thoughts



## About Me

- An undergraduate student at IIIS, Tsinghua University, Beijing.

- Interests: Math Modeling, Numerical Algorithms, Accelerator

- Email: wu-ys20@mails.tsinghua.edu.cn
